README.md, before:

# Prerequisites

- Debian 12 base system

- python3.11 openssh-server

- Being able to SSH as root to the destination host

# Outcome

This will setup your Debian host to automatically run StepMania on boot. As soon as StepMania is closed, it will re-run it.

The "stepmania" user will be available to connect over SCP to push files

Credits to Enrico Zini for writing nodm and a LightDM configuration guide: https://www.enricozini.org/blog/2019/himblick/x-autologin/

# Installation steps

1. Install a Debian minimal OS into your host

2. Set the IP address or hostname of your host into the `inventory` file

3. Set the password for the `stepmania` user inside the `stepmania_password` variable of the `inventory` file

4. Run the Ansible playbook: `ansible-playbook install.yaml`

## Raspberry Pi OS

**Note:** I have not fully tested this yet.

ITGMania does not offer aarch64 builds yet, but it does support it. If you compile it yourself, this playbook will also get your Raspberry Pi OS Lite installation ready for ITGMania.

Note: You will want to disable the grub tasks with `--skip-tags=grub`

For 15khz interlaced modes, see: https://www.raspberrypi.com/news/how-we-added-interlaced-video-to-raspberry-pi-5/ (**Note:** I have not tested this yet)

For 1khz USB polling rate, set the parameters `usbhid.kbpoll=1`, `usbhid.jspoll=1` and  `usbhid.mousepoll=1` to `/boot/firmware/cmdline.txt`

# Implementation details

- The set of available StepMania/ITGMania versions are defined under `group_vars/all`.

Commit message:

Added instructions and initial support for arm64

README.md, after:

# Prerequisites

- Debian 12 base system (minimal, no desktop environment)

- python3.11 openssh-server

- Being able to SSH as root to the destination host

# Outcome

This will setup your Debian host to automatically run StepMania on boot. As soon as StepMania is closed, it will re-run it.

The "stepmania" user will be available to connect over SCP to push files

Credits to Enrico Zini for writing nodm and a LightDM configuration guide: https://www.enricozini.org/blog/2019/himblick/x-autologin/

# Installation steps

1. Install a Debian minimal OS into your host

2. Set the IP address or hostname of your host into the `inventory` file

3. Set the password for the `stepmania` user inside the `stepmania_password` variable of the `inventory` file

4. Run the Ansible playbook: `ansible-playbook install.yaml`

## ARM boards

1. Install a minimal Debian 12 based distribution for your board, as could be Raspberry Pi OS Lite, Armbian Server, Debian 12 itself, or other.

2. Follow the same steps specified in `Installation steps`, but this time, run the playbook as:

`ansible-playbook install.yaml -e arch=arm64 --skip-tags grub`

### Raspberry Pi

Using a Raspberry Pi for ITGMania can be a quite interesting idea, as:

- It allows us to standardize the hardware we use (available almost anywhere)

- The boards are available in the market for long (although there are better options when it comes to LTS hardware, as Radxa or NanoPi)

- It easily supports 15khz resolutions, for CRT cabinets.

I will soon review uploading my Alsa configuration, as in theory, two boards with the same hardware, and the same Alsa configuration, should have the same impact on the Global Offset.

For 15khz interlaced modes in Raspberry Pi 5, see: https://www.raspberrypi.com/news/how-we-added-interlaced-video-to-raspberry-pi-5/

For 1khz USB polling rate, set the parameters `usbhid.kbpoll=1`, `usbhid.jspoll=1` and  `usbhid.mousepoll=1` to `/boot/firmware/cmdline.txt`

# Implementation details

- The set of available StepMania/ITGMania versions are defined under `group_vars/all`.
